Interviews are an unavoidable pain universal to the journey in everyone’s career. The stress of focusing on the personality, technical and brain teasing questions asked are common pain points that we must go through. This project is an AI based web app to help the user prepare for technical questions in an interview. The aim is to game-ify the process of preparing for the interview, getting rid of the added pressure of speaking to a person and with the aid of the user-friendly experience.

This project uses the AI as a pseudo web scraper, already being trained on data on the internet. This project gets rid of the need to go hunting in multiple websites and forums for questions that may or may not be relevant to the role or company that the user intends to apply to with an additional focus on the user’s perspective, with an aim of creating a product with refinement on the user’s side as a priority.

I look at this project as a mix of Full-stack and Research. The Full-stack elements come in with the website, continuous integration, and database development, while effort will go into researching prompt optimization, model selection and UI/UX principles to help create the user-friendly experience, which will require more in-depth research and understanding.

When signing up, the user enters the role and industry. These details are stored in the database and used to generate questions with the help of the AI, converted to MCQ questions for the user to practice answering. The user then gets analytics on the answers and the incorrect answers are used to generate more questions for the user to train their weakness.
